[refactor] Rewrite intro doc, move use-case doc (#73)
libremfg/libremfg.github.io: content/concepts/_index.md

description: Explanation about Rhize architecture and problem domain
identifier: concepts
weight: 500
draft: false
cascade:
  categories: ["concepts"]
---

The design of the Rhize Manufacturing Data Hub comes from decades of work in industrial automation.
Time and again, we discovered data infrastructure and level-3 systems with the same problems:
- They don't scale across organizations
- They don't integrate with existing systems

> - They fundamentally don't respect the complexity of the manufacturing problem space.

Author: ```suggestion
- They struggle to fully address the complexity of the manufacturing problem space
```
